Feature/mc 16596 org usage csv report (#443)
cloudops/cloudmc-api-docs: source/includes/administration/_reports_pricing_v2.md

### Get an organization report as a csv

`GET /reports/organization_pricing?organization_id=:id&start_date:=end_date=&end_date=:end_date&language=:language&currency=:currency`

Retrieves a flat list of product with usage and cost along with other details in a csv format.

```shell
# Retrieve organizatio usage
curl  --request GET \
  --url "https://cloudmc_endpoint/api/v2/reports/organization_pricing?start_date=2021-07-01T00%3A00%3A00.000Z&end_date=2021-07-31T23%3A59%3A59.999Z&organization_id=a01716d0-f748-447d-94e9-60ba46753d1a&language=en&currency=CAD" \
  -H 'Accept: text/csv ' \
  -H "MC-Api-Key: your_api_key"
```

The response is a list of products with their usage and cost, with the first line as a header, for the given organization and period.

The format of the response is a CSV with `,` used as the delimiter.

```csv
organization,account_id,category,sku,product_name,usage,unit,currency,cost,start_date,end_date
organizationName,12345,Compute,container_memory,Container memory,1097.272800,HOUR,CAD,2194.55,2021-07-01T00:00:00Z,2021-07-31T23:59:59.999Z       
```

**Query Parameters**

Required | &nbsp;
---------- | -----------

> `start_date`<br/>*String* | An ISO-8601 instant format string representing the start of the usage. This will included any usage who's usage start date is greater than, inclusively, the provided instant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`start_date`<br/>*String* | An ISO-8601 instant format string representing the start of the usage. This will included any usage who's usage start date is greater than the provided instant inclusively.
```

NitPick, I think this reads better. Just an opinion though

Author: 988d909

`end_date`<br/>*String* | An ISO-8601 instant format string representing the end of the usage. This will include any usage who's usage end date is less than, non-inclusively, the provided instant.
`language`<br/>*UUID* | Language to use for the report fields (but not the headers). Expected values are "en" (English), "fr" (French) or "es" (Spanish).

Optional | &nbsp;
---------- | -----------

> `organization_id`<br/>*UUID* | The organization for which you're building the report. If not passed will default to the calling user's organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`organization_id`<br/>*UUID* | The organization for which the report will be built. If not passed will default to the calling user's organization.
```

Author: 988d909

`service_connection_id`<br/>*UUID* | Only return usage for the selected service connection id.
`environment_id`<br/>*UUID* | Only return usage for the selected environment id. Needs to be provided along with the `service_connection_id`.
`currency`<br/>*String* | The currency of usage.

Report Attributes | &nbsp;
----------------- | ------
`organization`<br/>*String* | The organization name.
`custom_field_1`<br/>*String* | The organization custom field (ex: account ID). Configured in the reseller billing settings. <b>There can be more than one custom field<b>.
`category`<br/>*String* | The product category.
`sku`<br/>*String* | The SKU of the product.
`product_name`<br/>*Object* | The name object in each language for the product name.
`usage`<br/>*String* | The total usage of the product.
`unit`<br/>*String* | The name of the unit of the product.
`currency`<br/>*String* | The short-name of the currency.

> `cost` <br/> *string* | The total cost incurred for the given pricing tier configured on the product.

Reviewer 2: pricing tier? this should just be the total cost of the product right?

Author: copy paste error 😓 .
Fixing it.

Author: 988d909
